README.md, before:

# DartPivot
DartPivot is a comprehensive, offline "Swiss Army Knife" for developers, built with Flutter. It provides a suite of essential utilities to speed up your daily workflow, all in a single, modern application.

## 🚀 Features
DartPivot includes a wide range of tools organized by category:
### 🔄 Converters
- **JSON <> YAML**: Convert data between JSON and YAML formats easily.
- **Number Base**: Convert numbers between Decimal, Hexadecimal, Binary, and Octal.
- **Base64 Text/Image**: Encode and decode text or images to/from Base64.
### 📝 Formatters
- **JSON Formatter**: Prettify and minify JSON data.
- **SQL Formatter**: Format and beautify SQL queries.
- **XML Formatter**: Indent and organize XML documents.
### 🛠 Generators
- **UUID Generator**: Generate Version 1 and Version 4 UUIDs.
- **Hash Generator**: Calculate MD5, SHA1, SHA256, and SHA512 hashes.
- **Lorem Ipsum**: Generate placeholder text (paragraphs, words).
- **Password Generator**: Create secure, random passwords with custom rules.
### ✍️ Text Utilities
- **Diff Checker**: Compare two text blocks and highlight differences.
- **RegEx Tester**: Test regular expressions against text input.
- **Markdown Preview**: Write and preview Markdown in real-time.
### 🎨 Graphics
- **Color Tools**: Color converter (Hex, RGB, HSL, HSV) and contrast checker.
- **Image Resizer**: Resize images with custom dimensions.
- **PNG to JPG**: Convert PNG images to JPG format.
## 📦 Installation
You can download the latest installer from the [Releases](https://github.com/X3n0n78/DartPivot/releases) page.
## 📄 License
This project is licensed under the Apache 2.0a License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

Commit message:

Update README with build instructions and prerequisites
Added build instructions and prerequisites for building from source.

README.md, after:

# DartPivot
DartPivot is a comprehensive, offline "Swiss Army Knife" for developers, built with Flutter. It provides a suite of essential utilities to speed up your daily workflow, all in a single, modern application.

## 🚀 Features
DartPivot includes a wide range of tools organized by category:
### 🔄 Converters
- **JSON <> YAML**: Convert data between JSON and YAML formats easily.
- **Number Base**: Convert numbers between Decimal, Hexadecimal, Binary, and Octal.
- **Base64 Text/Image**: Encode and decode text or images to/from Base64.
### 📝 Formatters
- **JSON Formatter**: Prettify and minify JSON data.
- **SQL Formatter**: Format and beautify SQL queries.
- **XML Formatter**: Indent and organize XML documents.
### 🛠 Generators
- **UUID Generator**: Generate Version 1 and Version 4 UUIDs.
- **Hash Generator**: Calculate MD5, SHA1, SHA256, and SHA512 hashes.
- **Lorem Ipsum**: Generate placeholder text (paragraphs, words).
- **Password Generator**: Create secure, random passwords with custom rules.
### ✍️ Text Utilities
- **Diff Checker**: Compare two text blocks and highlight differences.
- **RegEx Tester**: Test regular expressions against text input.
- **Markdown Preview**: Write and preview Markdown in real-time.
### 🎨 Graphics
- **Color Tools**: Color converter (Hex, RGB, HSL, HSV) and contrast checker.
- **Image Resizer**: Resize images with custom dimensions.
- **PNG to JPG**: Convert PNG images to JPG format.
## 📦 Installation
You can download the latest installer from the [Releases](https://github.com/X3n0n78/DartPivot/releases) page.
Alternatively, you can build it from source:
### Prerequisites
- [Flutter SDK](https://flutter.dev/docs/get-started/install) installed.
- Windows, Linux, or macOS environment.
### Build Steps
1.  **Clone the repository:**
    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/yourusername/dart-pivot.git
    cd dart-pivot
    ```
2.  **Install dependencies:**
    ```bash
    flutter pub get
    ```
3.  **Run the application:**
    ```bash
    flutter run -d windows
    ```
    *(Or `-d macos` / `-d linux` depending on your OS)*
4.  **Build Release:**
    ```bash
    flutter build windows --release
    ```
## 📄 License
This project is licensed under the Apache 2.0a License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.
